How do I schedule a collection? #If you are a new customer you can book your first order at https://app.laundryheap.com/booking or via our mobile app (available for iOS and Android). Just follow the on-screen instructions and you'll have clean laundry in no-time!
Can you collect from one location and deliver to another? #Please get in touch with us prior to your booking so we can check this for you. We might be able to help if the alternate address is in the same area.
What happens if I miss a collection or a delivery? #If you are not home during the selected time slot we will have to add a fee to your invoice (check your local price list for the exact fee). Your driver is paid for every attempt they make, even if you are not there. You can always reschedule your collection/delivery free of charge up to 2h prior to your time slot, directly from your account area.
Can I receive a delivery if I’m not home? #If you leave in a building with a concierge/reception/porter, just select this option when booking and our driver will deliver there.
What if I need to change or cancel my order? #We completely understand. Just go to 'My orders', select the order you'd like to change/cancel and press on the 'Order Help' button in the upper right. It would be great if you could do that with at least 2 hours before the collection/delivery, otherwise a fee will be added to your invoice.
How will I know how much my order is? #Although we will only charge your order on the delivery day, using the card registered on your account, we thought you'd like to know what to expect. Our price estimator is conveniently located on our price page, ready for you to use before, during and after booking - there is no perfect time for it, it is perfect at any time!
How do I pay? #When booking, you are required to insert your payment details. You can pay using Visa, MasterCard and American Express cards. At every order, we charge the card with our pre-payment value in your area. The final charge for your order is done automatically after the actual processing of your items, using the card we have on file.
Can I tip my driver? #Yes - you are able to tip your driver directly on our app. This feature might not be available in all areas, please check your app for more details.