@1. The contract
1.1 These Terms will apply to any Order we accept from you via the our website, mobile app, sms or any other platform. Please note that unless you accept these Terms, you should not be placing an Order.
1.2 These Terms may change from time to time and it is the current version which will apply to each Order when you place it. We will notify you of changes to the Terms by email.
1.3 Please read these Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them before placing an Order. The Terms restrict Our liability to you in certain circumstances. Please see paragraph 11. Please note any Orders with a value of less than $30.00 will be charged $30.00 as a minimum.
1.4 If you need to contact Us at any time about an Order you may do so as set out in paragraph 13.
@2. Definitions
2.1 When the following words with capital letters are used in these Terms, this is what they will mean
2.1.1 App: Laundry Pickup NYC's website and mobile applications
2.1.2 Event Outside Our Control: any occurrence or circumstances over which we have no control as described in paragraph 2 and including (without limitation) the unavailability of any Service Provider, key personnel or key materials without which We are unable to provide the Services;
2.1.3 Item: any garment or article collected from you in connection with an Order;
2.1.4 Order: your order for the Services as set out in the order form submitted via the App;
2.1.5 Services: personal dry cleaning or laundry services collected from and delivered to your nominated address;
2.1.6 Service Providers: any third party with which we contract in order to assist us in providing the Services;
2.1.7 Terms: these terms and conditions as amended from time to time; and
2.1.8 We/Our/Us: Laundry Pickup NYC Inc.
2.2 When we use the words “writing” or “written” in these Terms, this will include e-mail and notifications via the App.
@3. Placing an Order
3.1 Please ensure that you check the details of your Order before submitting it as We will not be liable to you for any errors you make. If you think that you may have made a mistake, please contact Us as set out in paragraph 13. We will confirm any changes to your Order by email. Changes are also dealt with under paragraph 4.
3.2 Submission of an Order does not create a contract between us. The contract arises when We send you an email confirming acceptance of your Order.
3.3 We will assign an order number to each Order and inform you of it when We accept the Order. Please quote the order number in all subsequent contact with Us.
3.4 If for any reason We are unable fulfil your Order, We will let you know by email or text message.
@4. Changes to your Order
4.1 You may make a change to an Order at any time before the collection time set out in Our email acceptance of your Order by contacting our Customer Care at help@Laundry Pickup NYC.com
4.2 With your consent and at our discretion, We may make a change to your Order as an alternative to cancelling it in the circumstances set out in paragraph 1 or in the exercise of our discretion under paragraph 8.3.
@5. Cancelling or Rescheduling your Order
5.1 You have the following limited rights to cancel an Order.
5.2 You may cancel your Order in the following circumstances:
5.2.1 at any time before the collection day set out in Our email acceptance of your Order by contacting our Customer Support at help@Laundry Pickup NYC.com
5.2.2 after We have collected your Item(s) if We are affected by an Event Outside Our Control by contacting our Customer Support at help@Laundry Pickup NYC.com.
5.3 You acknowledge that (subject to paragraph 2.3) once an Item has been collected from you we have begun to provide the Services to you and that any rights of cancellation you may have under the Consumer Contracts Regulations or any equivalent law or regulations will be lost.
5.4 In the case that you require for your collection or return window to be rescheduled whilst your originally agreed-upon window is within the next two hours or outside of our office working hours 9am-6pm week days, Laundry Pickup NYC reserves the right to apply additional fees for the reschedule. This reschedule is subject to availability.
@6. Our rights to cancel your Order
6.1 We may cancel your Order and the contract between you and Us in the following circumstances:
6.1.1 as a result of an Event Outside Our Control; or
6.1.2 if you fail to make Items available for collection; or
6.1.3 if we consider that any Item does not correspond with the Order, is damaged, has no information about its content or cleaning instructions, or does not fall within those Items which we accept.
6.2 If we cancel your Order we will contact you by phone or email and
6.2.1 where We have already started work on your Order, We will not charge you anything and you will not have to make any payment to Us;
6.2.2 we will arrange to redeliver the Item(s) to you at the original redelivery time or as soon as reasonably possible.
@7. Collection and redelivery
7.1 Subject to paragraph 12, We will use reasonable endeavours to collect and re-deliver Items at the times specified in the Order but we cannot guarantee to do so. We use our best endeavours to communicate any delay to you by phone or email and to deliver orders to our customers within their chosen timeslot, but exclude any liability for any and all consequenital losses which a customer may suffer as a result of late delivery.
7.2 If you are not available to accept redelivery of Items, we will contact you by phone or email to arrange redelivery at your convenience.
7.3 – If delivery is not possible due to customer being unavailable at the designated time, a redelivery charge of $30.00 will be charged foreach consequent attempt of delivery. Laundry Pickup NYC will endeavour to find a suitable redelivery time.
7.4 If you have failed to accept or arrange redelivery of an Item for more than 90 days after the redelivery date specified in the Order we may dispose of the Item or donate it to an accredited charity of Laundry Pickup NYC’s choice.
7.5 Subject to paragraph 7, all items collections and re-deliveries must be acknowledged.
7.6 You may arrange to have Items collected from, or re-delivered to, a third party, on condition that you do so at your own risk and the third party is prepared acknowledge on your behalf.
7.7 You may, by written instructions to us, request Us to leave an Item in an agreed location without providing Us with an acknowledgement. If you do so, it is at Our discretion and entirely at your own risk and we shall not be liable to you for any damage or loss of Items re-delivered on this basis.
@8. Service standards
8.1 We will provide the Services with reasonable care and skill in accordance with good industry standards.
8.2 We will not be liable for any delay or non-performance of our Services where you have failed to provide accurate information in your Order, for example if an address is incomplete or inaccurate, or if you fail to accept redelivery of Items in accordance with an order
8.3 We will not be liable for any Items submitted to us that have an increased risk of damage, including, but not limited to, Items:
8.3.1 with special requirements or instructions for cleaning;
8.3.2 with no label indicating cleaning instructions;
8.3.3 which are damaged or stained; and
8.3.4 bearing an extraneous or hazardous thing, e.g., pins, jewellery, coins, pens, etc.and at our discretion and with your consent may agree to provide the Services at your risk in respect of those Items.
8.4 Wash and Fold Orders
8.4.1 Checking Items Please ensure to thoroughly check all the garments for hazardous items e.g. coins, pens, keys, etc. as we hold no responsibility for any items lost or damaged as a result of the cleaning process.
8.4.2 Washing and Drying Process The load is washed at a 30 degree cycle and tumble dried at a medium heat. As we process a high volume we might not always be able to cater to personal requirements (e.g. temperature, washing powders, etc.). Please note that the items are not ironed.
8.4.3 Colour Separation We will separate the clothes into lights and darks for you. Although we will take the utmost care in doing this we will accept no responsibility if there is any bleeding or colour transfer during the cleaning process.
8.4.4 Size of Bag We will measure the laundry by weight. The minimum weight is 15lbs . We will update this after we have weighed it at the facility. Any orders below 15lbs will be charged at the Wash, Tumble Dry & Fold price.
8.4.5 Damaged Items We will not be liable for damage to items as we wash by the load and do not inspect the care labels of each garment. For garments that need to be specially treated i.e. leather, silk, cashmere, fur, velvet and other delicate garments, please ensure that these items can be machine washed and tumble dried.
8.4.6 Tagging Laundry items are tagged by the load and not individually tagged. Therefore, we cannot accept any liability for missing items.
@9. If there is a problem with the services
9.1 If there is any problem with the Services:
9.1.1 please contact our Customer Support by email at help@Laundry Pickup NYC.com as detailed on the App and tell Us as soon as reasonably possible; You will not have to pay for Us to deal with your complaint.
9.2 Complaints should be notified to Us within 24 hours of redelivery of any Item if you believe that We are in breach of our obligations under these Terms.
9.3 As a consumer, you have statutory rights if our Services are not carried out with reasonable skill and care, or if the materials used are faulty or not as described. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office. Nothing in these Terms will affect these legal rights.
@10. Price and payment
10.1 The price of the Services will be set out in Our price list as set out in the App or at www.Laundry Pickup NYC.com/prices and will be the price in force at the time you place your Order. Our prices may change at any time, but price changes will not affect Orders that We have accepted in accordance with paragraph 3.2 or 4.3
10.2 Our prices may include tax depending on the legislation where the order is served. However, if the rate of tax changes between the date we accept your Order and the date of payment, We will have to adjust the rate of tax that you pay.
10.3 Upon placing an Order we capture the payment but do not directly charge your card although some banks will show it as a recent transaction. We process payments when we have received your Order at the facility and after cleaning. If your final total is greater than your captured total (i.e. we need to update your Order accordingly) it may show on your recent transactions but the captured amount will be released when we have taken the full payment. We will take payment from the debit or credit card, details of which were supplied with your Order. If for any reason we are unable to take payment you will become liable to Us for the sum due plus interest at the rate 3% a year above the base lending rate of Barclays Bank PLC from the time to time. Interest will accrue on a daily basis from due date until the date of actual payment of the overdue amount, whether before or after judgment. You must pay Us interest together with any overdue amount.
@11. Our liability to you
11.1 In the unlikely event of loss or damage to an item, Laundry Pickup NYC will pay compensation in line with standard industry guidelines. Our total liability to you in respect of each Item is limited to ten times the price we charge for the Services, but not more than $40.00 per item, given a proof of purchase is provided, showing the date of purchase and the value of the item.
11.2 Subject to the following sub paragraphs, we will compensate (in accordance with 11.1) for loss or damage which is due to Our Negligence.
11.2.1 We will not be responsible for any single item valued at more than $55.00
11.2.2 We will not be responsible to you for any loss or damage that is foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if it is an obvious consequence of Our breach or if it was contemplated by you and US at the time we entered into a contract for the Services.
11.3 If you use the Services for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose, We have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
11.4 We will not be responsible for any loss or damage (including, without limitation) any colour loss, shrinkage or other damage, resulting from the following:
11.4.1 failure to notify us of any special requirements or instructions for cleaning the Item;
11.4.2 the fact that the Item has no label indicating cleaning instructions;
11.4.3 any existing damage to the Item at the time of collection;
11.4.4 any extraneous or hazardous thing left in or on the Item, e.g., pins, jewellery, coins, pens, buttons or embellishments, belts etc.;
11.4.5 our acceptance of Items which we agree to provide the Services for under paragraph 8.3;
11.4.6 our agreement … paragraph 7.3;
11.4.8 our disposal of Items under paragraph 7.4;
11.5 We do not exclude or limit in any way Our liability for:
11.5.1 death or personal injury caused by negligence;
11.5.2 fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
11.5.3 breach of the terms implied by section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (title and quiet possession);
11.5.4 breach of the terms implied by sections 3, 4 and 5 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (description, satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and samples); and
11.5.5 defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.
11.6 We will not be liable for any consequential loss.
11.7 We will not be liable for any damage to buttons, zips, and other similar parts (fastenings/embellishments/etc.).
11.8 In the event we issue compensation for damage caused to an item(s) in our care Laundry Pickup NYC reserves the right to retain permanent ownership of damaged item(s).
@12. Events Outside Our Control
12.1 We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of Our obligations under these Terms that is caused by an Event Outside Our Control.
12.2 An Event Outside Our Control means any act or event beyond Our reasonable control, or the reasonable control of any of our Service Providers including (without limitation) strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war, fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster, or closure or failure of public infrastructure or public or private telecommunications networks.
12.3 If an Event Outside Our Control takes place that affects the performance of Our obligations under these Terms:
12.3.1 We will contact you as soon as reasonably possible to notify you; and
12.3.2 Our obligations under these Terms will be suspended and the time for performance of Our obligations will be extended for the duration of the Event Outside Our Control; or
12.3.3 You may cancel your Order under paragraph 5.3 or We may cancel it under paragraph 6.1.1.
12.3.4 If your Order is cancelled We will return your Item(s) to you at no cost to you.
@13. Information about us and how to contact us
13.1 We are a company registered in England and Wales. Our company registration number is 09193151 and Our registered office is at Canterbury Court, 1-3 Brixton Road, SW9 6DE, London.
13.2 If you have any questions or if you have any complaints, please contact Us. You can contact Us by e-mailing Us at help@Laundry Pickup NYC.com, or sending a request via the App.
13.3 If you wish to contact Us in writing, or if any paragraph in these Terms requires you to give Us notice in writing, you can send this to Us by e-mail at help@Laundry Pickup NYC.com. We will confirm receipt of this by email. If We have to contact you or give you notice in writing, We will do so by notification via the App or by e-mail to the address you provide to Us in the Order.
@14. How we may use your personal information
14.1 We will use the personal information you provide to Us to:
14.1.1 provide the Services;
14.1.2 process your payment for such Services; and
14.1.3 inform you about similar products or services that We provide, unless you indicate that you do not wish to receive such communications by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any Laundry Pickup NYC promotional email communication.
14.2 We will not give your personal data to any third party other than any Service Providers
@15. Laundry Pickup NYC Quality Guarantee
15.1 We check each and every garment before it is returned. However, if you are not completely satisfied then simply contact us within 24 hours of delivery and we guarantee to re-clean your items free of charge. Any re-clean requests submitted after 24 hours will be considered on a discretionary basis.
15.2 To request re-cleaning for your items please email our Customer Support team, explain the problem and attach any relevant photos. A Customer Support agent will contact you to arrange a suitable time for recollection.
@16. Re-cleaning policy
16.1 The re-cleaning only applies to individual items which have been cleaned by Laundry Pickup NYC and the original dry cleaning ticket must be attached.
16.2 Please note it is not always possible to remove stains. If we cannot remove a stain customers will be informed according to the ticket which is attached to their items. In this instance, we are not able to offer a complimentary re-clean.
@17. Vouchers and promotions
17.1 Vouchers are subject to expiry dates and value for particular promotions.
17.2 These terms apply to all Laundry Pickup NYC vouchers and are subject to Laundry Pickup NYC’s full service terms and conditions and website terms and conditions.
17.2 Vouchers cannot be used in conjunction with any other Laundry Pickup NYC voucher or any other offer.
17.3 Only one voucher or code may be used per transaction.
17.4 Vouchers are strictly non-transferable, and have no cash value. Placing a voucher for sale is strictly prohibited and renders the voucher void.
17.5 Laundry Pickup NYC reserves the right to reject a voucher with reasonable cause.
17.6 Laundry Pickup NYC reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time and without warning.
17.7 To redeem a voucher you must present the code found on the voucher at checkout.
17.8 The minimum order value for orders using a voucher code is $30.00, including the voucher.
17.9 Once activated, vouchers must be used within a 24 hours.
@18. Other important terms
18.1 We may transfer Our rights and obligations under these Terms to another organisation, and We will always notify you in writing if this happens, but this will not affect your rights or Our obligations under these Terms.
18.2 This contract is between you and Us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.
18.3 Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
18.4 These Terms are governed by English law and will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts, unless you are a resident of Northern Ireland or Scotland, in which case you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland or Scotland as appropriate.
@19. Prepaid items
19.1 Prepaid items offer a discounted, bulk rate. You do not need to order all items in a single order.
19.2 You can use prepaid items in any order but a minimum order of $30.00 will apply.
19.3 Prepaid items are non-refundable.
19.4 Prepaid items can only be redeemed on the account in which the purchase was made from and cannot be exchanged or traded.
19.5 Prepaid items are valid for a specific period from the date of issue.
19.6 Prepaid items are already discounted. Customers cannot use further discounts or vouchers when purchasing prepaid items.
19.7 You can only use only one type of prepaid items per order.